## Book Template

- Prologue
	- Joe gives his reasons for writing all this down, and why he calls it "Chronicles" instead of "Diary" or "Journal". He feels like it sounds more scientific, and, even more importantly, more heroic.
- Monday
	- Joe is standing in front of the bathroom mirror and sees that he looks like a zombie. He screams!
	- Joe has a flashback to how he was bitten. Parents left him home alone to take his little brother (Mikey) the Dr, with instructions that Joe isn't allowed outside. Joe tries to follow the rules, but eventually becomes bored and ventures outside. He sees the zombie kitty, that he initially thinks is dead, and is bitten when he tries to pet it.
	- Joe is still examining himself in the bathroom. He sees how pale he looks, and notices that his pulse is super slow. He talks about feeling sick for the rest of the weekend, but just figuring that he was sick with what Matty had (even though Matty was throwing up). But now he realizes something, that he's turning into a zombie.
	- Joe comes down late for breakfast. Mom asks him if he's okay, she heard him scream earlier. He says that he's fine, that he was just trying to get himself pumped up for school. She goes to give him a kiss and notes that he stinks. He runs back upstairs quickly and drenches himself with body spray. When he comes back down his mom offers breakfast, but he passes on it, because he is "running late". But in reality it's because Crunchy-Os (his favorite cereal) sound disgusting.
	- When he gets on the school bus there is only one empty seat, next to a dorky looking kid with glasses, Steven. When he sits down Steven greets him in an embarrassingly loud way. Steven wants to teach Joe a handshake. Joe agrees, more to get him to be quiet than because he really wants to. After the handshake Steven asks if Joe is a zombie and Joe freaks out inside his head, and says "What!?". Steven replies, because he's wearing a zombie shirt and his hands are ice cold, then laughs overly loud. Joe starts to laugh too and then can't, until he's crying. 
	- Joe gives a quick recap of the first day of school. Nothing much happened. He skipped lunch because he was so nervous that everyone was looking at him, so he hid in the bathroom. He notes that he needs to come up with a plan to look less pale. Also notes that he sat next to Steven on the way home and had to do the handshake again.
	- Before dinner he finds out that they are having spaghetti with meatballs and broccoli. He doesn't want the spaghetti or the broccoli. But he does want the meatballs. He even catches himself thinking that they look almost like little brains. He tries to force himself to eat the other things, and he does force some down. His dad asks if he's getting a stomach thing, but he says it's just left over nerves from the first day of school.
	- After dinner his helping his mom clean up when he looks out the window and sees the zombie kitty. He says he's going to take out the trash, which surprises his mom. He grabs the trash and runs out the door and into the back yard, but he trips on his feet as he tries to run. By the time he gets back up, the zombie kitty is gone.
- Tuesday
	- Joe recounts how he couldn't sleep the night before because he couldn't stop thinking about how he was changing into a zombie. (In actuality this is a zombie symptom, he just doesn't know it yet.) He then goes over his list of zombie symptoms so far: pale, smells weird, doesn't like non-meats, wants brains, slow hear beat. He then also talks about the zombification meter (which is at a 1 right now.)
	- It's still early and nobody is up yet. He sneaks downstairs and gets a tablet and then heads for the bathroom. He gets out his mom's makeup bag—his mom keeps spare makeup in the second bathroom in case his dad is in theirs and she needs to put it on—and turns on the tablet and searches for a makeup tutorial on how to not look so pale. He finds one, and turns it on, but he forgets that the tablet volume is all the way up, and when the add for Crunchy-Os starts playing he hits the mute button. He freezes and waits, sure that it woke his parents or Mikey, but luckily, it doesn't. He proceeds to put on the makeup.
	- Joe runs down stairs and goes to head out the door. His mom tries to stop him for breakfast, bu he tells her he's running late. She tells him to grab an apple and comments on how he looks less pale today. Joe is happy because it means his makeup worked.
	- Joe decides to go to lunch today, since he feels like his makeup is working pretty well. As soon as he walks into the cafeteria Joe spots him and yells at him from across the room and calls him over to his table. Joe doesn't want to go but decides he doesn't have a choice. When Joe gets to the table and meets Steven's crew: Brad, has a stutter; Chuy (real name Jesus), doesn't speak much Enlgish; Claire, quite talker; Max, ashtma. The crew notices that Joe's hands are super cold. Stephen defends him, explains that it's a family thing, that they all have cold hands. Stephen makes Joe do the handshake with him at the end of lunch, embarrassing Joe again.
	- In science class Joe is daydreaming about how pretty the science teacher is, doodling in his notebook. She asks him a question, but he doesn't know the answer. She sees what he was drawing in his notebook. As he is getting ready to leave class a girl stops him. She tells him that she saw his notebook, but tells her that his secret is safe with her. She introduces herself, Katelyn goes by Kat. Joe is embarrassed that she saw his doodles but realizes that she actually made him feel better about his day.
- Wednesday
	- Morning notebook check. Zombie meter still at one. New maybe symptom added, not being able to sleep. Note that he needs to get hand warmers so people stop commenting about his cold hands.
	- Joe gets to PE and realizes this is the first day he has to dress out. Realizes he can't change in front of everyone because his makeup is only on his face. Runs and changes in one of the bathroom stalls.
	- Joe is the last one out of the locker room because he changed in the stall. Coach notices and calls him out. Telling him if he's late again he'll lose points. Coach tells them that they will be running the mile around the track. Everyone groans. They start running and Joe quickly falls behind, he just can't run very fast. He finishes last, even after Max, who can't run hard because of his asthma. After the run Joe realizes something, that he isn't tired at all. Not short of breath, heart not racing. The coach yells at him for slacking, and warns him that he better do better on the pull-ups tomorrow, or he'll be in real trouble.
	- On the walk home from the bus Joe notices a weird lady. She is dressed like a scientist, but her lab coat is dirty and her hair is all crazy. She has a pair of tweezers and a sandwich bag. He stays far behind her and follows. She stops a few times to collect samples, putting each in a different sandwich bag. She also makes a note in her notebook with each sample. Once she almost sees him, but he hides behind a tree. When she finally gets to her house and goes inside, Joe realizes that she lives right behind him on the other side of the alley between the rows of houses.
- Thursday
	- Morning notebook check. No new symptoms. Zombie meter still at one. New section: zombie powers => doesn't get tired.
	- Joe walks into the beginning of the year assembly, hoping to sit away from anyone. Steven sees him as soon as he walks in and yells for Joe to come sit with them, right in front. He tries to wave them off, but Steven is insistent. Joe gets there, high-fives the crew, does the handshake with Steven. A bit after the assembly starts Steven starts to notice a weird smell and so does the crew. Joe realizes that he forgot to stop by the bathroom and add more body spray. He says he smells it too, and it's making him kind of sick, so he needs to leave. When he stands up to leave he sees the PE teacher staring at him (he was on the court as they were talking about winter sports). 
	- Joe comes out of the bathroom, smelling much better, as he turns the corner he runs into Kat, startling her and him. She asks him what he was doing out there. He says it was because of the crowds—which he thinks is partially true. She says she gets it, she feels the same way. She then asks why he was coming out of the girl's bathroom. He lies and says he wasn't, but that he had seen some graffiti on the door, and was cleaning it off—he's pretty proud of his quick thinking. Right then his science teacher walks up and says that he obviously likes helping out. Joe is stuck, so he says yes. She tells him that she will need some help with a scientist who is coming to speak to their class next week. It's the inventor of Crunchy-Os. She shows him a picture, and it's the mad scientist.
- Friday
	- Morning notebook check. No new symptoms. Zombie meter at 1.5 => smell level is increasing. No new zombie powers. Need to remember to get more body spray, or experiment with 'Tada!' spray (from an infomercial he saw while learning makeup techniques, organic sell eliminator).
	- Joe comes down for school and his mom tells him he has to eat breakfast, no buts, even if she has to drive him to school. He sits down glumly, but then finds out that they are having eggs, which he thinks look kind of like brains. He gobbles them up. When he stands up he wacks his leg on table. His mom asks if he is okay. He rubs his right leg and says, yeah, just hurts a bit. Mom says, "Wasn't it your left leg?". He replies, "Uh, no, it was the right, gotta go." And then kisses her cheek (knowing it will distract her). And then runs out the door.
	- As they come out of the locker room PE coach tells Joe he will be watching him, that he seems like a slacker. They all line up at the pull-up bar, Joe is last in line. When it's his turn coach tells him he better do well, or he's going to lose points. Joe starts doing pull-ups. The most he's ever done is two. He does two, then 5, then 10. He hits fifteen which is the most of anyone in his class, and he's still not tired. Then twenty. Then twenty-five. The kids are cheering now, counting every pull-up. He's six away from the school record. He hits thirty, tying the record, then thirty-one, then thirty-two. Joe knows he could just keep going, he literally never gets tired, but he decides to stop. He drops to the ground and then falls down like he's totally exhausted, even though he's not. The kids go crazy until the coach shouts them down. Joe thinks the coach will be happy, but when he sees him he realizes that he is more furious than ever.
	- On the way home from school Steven tells Joe there's something he wanted to ask him. His voice is quiet. He tells him it wasn't something he wanted to ask in front of the crew. Joe starts to freak out, thinking that Steven has figured it out. He almost blanks out as Steven asks him the question, so much so that he doesn't even hear it. Steven repeats himself and he hears. Steven wants him to spend the night. Joe stares at him for a moment as his mind races. He doesn't want to because Steven is so embarrassing and it might also reveal his secret. He says no and can tell Steven is devastated, but he doesn't know what else to do.
	- When he gets home his dad asks him if something is wrong. Again, Joe freaks out a bit, until his dad says he looks depressed. Joe tells him about Steven inviting him over, and why he said no (embarrassing steven, not zombie). His dad talks to him about it and tells him why he should say yes. Joe finally agrees and calls Steven, who screams so loud over the phone Joe thinks he's going to be deaf.
	- After dinner (pizza with sausage, Joe's new favorite) Joe and Steven have a nerf gun battle. During the battle Joe dives over the couch and comes up to shoot Steven, but before he can Steven drops his gun and turns pale. Joe asks "What?". Steven doesn't say anything, just points to his left hand. Joe looks down and sees that his pinky finger is bent sideways. He looks back to Steven and sees that he is opening his mouth, and is going to scream. Joe leaps over and puts his hand over his mouth. He holds him for a few seconds, realizing he is way stronger than Steven, and then whispers in his ear. If I take my hand off, do you promise not to scream? Stephen nods his head. Joe pulls his hand away and backs away. Steven is still white, and looks like he's going to cry. Joe realizes he's stuck, he has to tell Steven the truth. If he doesn't, then Steven will tell his mom, who will tell Joe's mom, who will take him to the doctor. And that would be bad. "You can't freak out, okay." Steven nods again. Joe tells him. Steven stares at him for a bit and then opens his mouth. Joe thinks he should try to grab him again, but there's no time. Steven yells "That's AWESOME!!!"
	- Joe laying in bed while Steven sleeps thinking about how happy he is that he told Steven.
- Weekend
	- Morning check. No new problems. Zombie meter, still 1.5. New zombie power, strength. New section: Zombie investigation. Makes connection that it looked like the zombie kitty retreated to the mad scientist's back yard after it bit him.
	- Joe tells his parents he has a project for science and he needs to go out in the alley to look for recycling stuff. He goes out in the alley and then jumps the fence to go into the mad scientist's back yard. It looks mostly like a typical backyard, but very neglected (overgrown with weeds, broken stuff, etc.). He notices two bowls. One says Otis, it's dusty and obviously hasn't been used in a long time. The other one says Milo. It has some dry cat food in it, but the food looks pretty old. Joe looks around for a bit for clues, he sees a trash can and a recycle bin. The trashcan just has one bag at the bottom, that he can't reach, so he tries the recycle. It is filled with papers he grabs one to look at it and then hears the door start to open. He drops the lid of the recycle bin and dives behind an old table that has fallen over. He holds his breath. The mad scientist calls out "Is that you baby? Here Milo! Here Milo!" She waits for a good minute while Joe is still holding his breath, he realizes that he doesn't even feel like he needs to take one, and then goes back inside. Joe goes to stand up, but then notices a small headstone in front of him, that just says Otis.
	- Back in his room Joe looks at the paper he found. He was too scared after getting caught to look for anything else. It's just a scrap. There's a list of numbers: 138, 139, 140, 141, 142 and next to each one a single word. Failure. Joe assumes that it was some type of experiments that didn't work, maybe when she was trying to invent Crispy-Os. He puts the paper in his desk. He then starts to draw a trap for the zombie kitty, using an old cage he had seen in the alley.